Okay, we are talking about how we came to Christ.
For how did. Do you understand?
Okay, well, you know I grew up in the Christian...
Christian home so Like I didn't have like that
Defining moment, uhhh
I have Christ. It's just my I was used to going to church.
from as from when I was a kid.
So from whenever I noticed, I was always at church.
And so I grew up in church.
Uhm, But I always.
I now understand that I was always
I grew up in like the warmth
and christ, I think I was one of those
so they are like Privileged like I didn't even understand
what I had so I took it for granted.
So that was kind of it. And then, um,
But um...
But like, as a teenager, I'd be better. And I'm like, nope.
lot of things happened in that church that.
I was just like, forget it. I don't even wanna.
I believe in this, Yeah, because I was like...
we are like they're all Christians and they're supposed to be loving it. It was one of the worst places.
But the meanest people were there.
Right? So I was like, yeah, I'm I'm not...
and then so I started doing part-time work on Sundays purposely.
I would find a part-time drink, so. Sorry, Mom.
I can do this since, I'm working, ahm
No yeah So I was excited
And I was like, no, this isn't for me.
And so I completely kind of turned away from it.
But when I, like...
was 17.
um, My dad lost his job.
And I was still like, my dream was to go to college.
and I just like I took it apart.
myself oh my gosh, like I have to.
do something and so I was working 30 hours a week.
Um, Yeah, I'm going to.
like high school, Yes, being a senior.
um, so
ah And then I completely
My health failed, like I was...
I developed like all these um
Lumps.
um, like underarm, So my mom was like,
My mom freaked out because one time I asked her like this, it hurts here.
under my arms. And she was like, oh, is it a zit?
Huhuhu, it was charming at first.
And then a week later, I was like, mom, this pain's not going away.
And when she touched it, she goes, oh my god.
It had grown like from a little...
not to like it was about.
Like a little smaller than an inch.
the size of it, Yeah, like size like half of my palm
So she's like, oh my gosh, and so we went.
to the doctors and um they were saying okay let's see if
you know, what's happening, and then the doctor was like...
after like series of tests and everything he's like no i think your daughter's
I was just way too stressed.
and I
and her body is reacting and
And it was because of old work and so then I had to get all these ah
Yeah smiled
But it was so painful though, but it was like...
My I had so many knots in my back and my body because it was just...
I was tired and so that forced me to quit my weekend job.
And then I had no more excuse.
Do not, but i'm like okay i'm under my
Make my mom's juice.
And so there was no option if you're not working on Sunday, then you need to go to church.
And so I started going to church and I was still like...
disgruntled and like whatever.
But the pastor at that church like
coming like visiting here always sure
So, How are you doing, Yasuko? How are you doing?
yeah
Ah No, no, no, at my house. He would just show up.
And then after a while, he just started growing on me.
And then...
I was about to go to college and I felt like, okay.
I think it's about time, like, you know.
And you see, this is where I became a Christian. I got baptized.
But I really didn't know like I just
I kinda felt the warmth again.
And I kind of, okay, Jesus, like...
In Word, I I always grew up with the Bible stories, so I'm like, okay.
Okay, I believe Jesus died for my sin.
But I don't think I really understood what sin was.
Yeah, and then so I became
um
I got baptized, but
Like there was no conviction. and
that
Yes.yeah
Yeah, I felt the warmth and everything, but I just kind of felt, okay, my mom's a Christian.
My dad is a Christian. My sister is a Christian.
So, okay, well, I kind of understand and I know all the Bible stories.
And yeah, I kind of believe that Jesus died.
but I didn't really know what die meant.
Um, so yeah, it was just one of those like